Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- I had back pain for years.
- Broke my back.
- Motorcycle accident.
- Light back pain.
- Lower back pain.
- Neck pain.
- Pain in the neck
and a numb pinky.
- Numbness.
tingling in my finger.
- Back pain.
- I trusted that
he'd do the right thing.
- He told us
he was gonna fix it.
That's all we needed to know.
- A nightmare.
I woke up in a nightmare.
- They were pumping me full
of blood...
- I was sore.
- And I didn't know why.
- I hurt.
- Every bone hurt.
- I was worse.
- I couldn't move.
- I was crying.
- And the pain.
- I woke with a limp.
- I had never felt pain
like that.
- The first thing that
went through my mind...
- And no one could tell me
what was wrong with me.
- "What has he done to me?"
- I miss her.
- I can't play with
my children like I used to.
- She was a very...
- I have a feeding tube
attached to me with a bag.
- Very good woman.
- I learned ways
to control the pain.
- That's all I can say.
- I wish I could go back
to the days
before I met
Christopher Duntsch.
- Here you go.
- Great.
- You missed one.
- What?
- Informed consent.
- Have to sign that.
- Oh. I'm sorry.
- No problem.
Just fill out the top...
name. age. address.
and everything here. and
then review all the statements.
and sign and date at the bottom.
- Madeline Beyer.
- Yeah. right here.
- You can finish that
in exam room.
- Oh. okay.
My daughter is parking. and...
- I'll let her know
they took you back.
- She can come?
- Yes.
- Thank you.
- You're gonna
take everything off
and get into the gown.
Ms. Beyer.
- Open on the back side.
- Okay.
- Have you had any medications
this morning?
- No.
- Anything to eat or drink
since 8:00 p.m. last night.
Ms. Beyer?
- No.
And it's Beyer. like the animal.
Everyone makes that mistake.
- Dr. Duntsch will have you
in and out before you know it.
- Okay.
Here we are on Madeline Beyer.
Mrs. Beyer had
an L5-S1 posterior fusion
performed
by Dr. Christopher Duntsch
this past Wednesday.
Patient awoke reporting
intensified pain
and limited mobility.
Today. we're performing
the revision surgery.
This whole midline structure
has been severed
from the underlying spine.
It's just flopping in here.
It provides no protective
benefit to the nerves.
I just grabbed it.
Underneath that.
you can see fragments of bone
piercing the nerves.
Also. the spinous process.
I'll be removing this.
I just grabbed the ligament.
and it's exposed the dura.
which is leaking spinal fluid.
I do see down here more bone.
It looks like putty.
just smashed in there.
What did he do to her?
Mrs. Beyer?
How are you feeling?
- I hurt a lot.
- Well. that's to be expected.
Is the pain better or worse
than before?
You don't have to answer that
right now.
- No. no. no. no.
Better. It's better.
- Okay. well. we'll get
the pain management team
up here and increase your meds.
- How does that sound?
- Mm-hmm.
- Now. would you do me a favor.
please. and...
press against my hand?
Excellent. Now pull.
Toes toward your nose.
Very good.
And now the left against.
Can you push against?
- I can't move it.
- Well. we'll run some tests.
see what might be amiss.
For now. sleep. okay?
- Dr. Henderson.
- Yes?
- I don't want him near me.
not ever again.
You keep Dr. Duntsch away.
- Ha. come on.
- It's less douchey than a BMW.
- I drive a CR-V.
- Oh. nothing wrong with that.
You know. Hondas.
they go forever.
Cheap parts. good resale.
Honestly. the only reason
I bring it up...
- can you turn up the suction?
- Suction.
- You ever see
that Will Ferrell skit?
"Jag-u-ar."
Hee-hee-hee.
I love Will Ferrell.
The only reason I bring it up...
- bipolara.
- Bipolara.
- Jag is a super trooper magnet.
One time I get called in
for an aortic aneurysm
doing a buck. Peddle up 35. 40.
Buck ten. trooper throws
on his lights.
chases me right up to the ER.
He follows me
into the scrub room.
He says he's gonna arrest me
for evading the police.
I tell him. go ahead.
but he's gonna have to wait.
Throw open the doors of the OR
just as they're splitting
the patient.
Fuck. his face.
Could not have been
better timing.
I think it was the rib cracking
that got me out of the ticket.
- Good morning. Dr. Kirby.
- Deleone. the grand poobah
herself.
To what do we owe the pressure?
I mean. pleasure?
- What is that
about the lowest form of wit?
- I believe it's brevity.
- Mm. if only.
- What can I do for you?
- Ooh. got a bleeder... cauterize.
- What do you know
about Dr. Duntsch?
- "Doctor" is a strong word.
Okay. good. Thanks.
- You worked with him
at Baylor Plano. right?
- One time only engagement.
I'm gonna retract here.
'Bout six months ago.
total shit show.
Can I get more light?
- Exactly what I was hoping
you weren't gonna say.
- Tell me you didn't hire him.
- Why wouldn't I? Great résumé.
Baylor Plano sent him along
with a clean letter.
No areas of concern.
- You gotta loop me
into these things. Jill.
I got more credentials
in this town than Tony Romo.
Debakey.
I could have told you
the guy was a hack.
What did he do?
- Jill?
- Josh. you got a minute?
- Yes. sir. Please sit.
- How's the chowder?
- July in Texas.
- Well. we all have to live
with our choices in life. right?
- You here to talk about my soup
or... Dr. Duntsch. sir?
- Am I that obvious?
- I was listening to you
in there. in the OR.
Look as bad inside Mrs. Beyer
as it sounded on the outside?
- Duntsch's surgery
on Madeline Beyer.
you were the circulating nurse.
right?
What was that like?
- It...
was like he knew what
he was supposed to do. and...
- He did the exact opposite?
- Everyone in that room could
have done better than him. sir.
I tried.
I mean. it isn't worth shit.
I tried to help Dr. Duntsch
in there.
Even tried to stop him. but...
- It wasn't your job
to stop him.
- Tell that to Mrs. Beyer.
Tell that to Dorothy Burke.
- Hey. Bob.
- Dr. Kirby.
- Danke.
- I have an MRI
that I have to get to...
- Jill Deleone stopped by.
told me you came across some
of Christopher Duntsch's
splatter painting.
- "Splatter painting"?
- You did a revision surgery
on Madeline Beyer.
How'd it go?
- Mrs. Beyer
is not your patient.
so I won't be speaking with you
about...
- Oh. fucking HIPAA.
- Well. why don't you tell me
exactly what it is
you're looking for. Dr. Kirby?
- January. I'm at Baylor.
No other access surgeons
are available.
I get asked to scrub in.
It was a last-minute favor.
Turns out. happenstance.
it's my pool guy.
L5-S1 fusion.
Now. on a scale of one-to-one.
one being easy.
the other one being easy.
how difficult is that?
- Let's go with one.
- Fucking caveman could do it.
am I right?
I got the patient opened up.
disc sitting right there.
shiny red bike under the tree.
Christmas morning.
just waiting to be plucked out
and the vice plopped in.
And what would you do?
What would you ask for?
- I'm decomposing here.
Dr. Kirby.
- People tell me I have
the flair for the melodrama.
- I can't imagine why.
- I like to call it passion.
- What would you ask for?
- A scalpel.
- Fucking right. you would!
- Everybody would!
This yutz asked
for a Double-Action Rongeur.
- Did he get the disc out?
- With a great deal
of gratuitous elbow grease.
- Did he get the device in?
- Off midline.
- How far off?
- Is there any measurement
devised by the human hand
that would make it all right?
Duntsch almost killed
my pool guy.
- Could it have been
human error?
- Sure. Yeah. why not?
But after that case in January.
Duntsch had a bunch more.
which were all. shall we say.
less than successful?
But two of them were
borderline monstrous.
One is sipping through a straw
for the rest of his life.
quadriplegic.
The other. back in March.
dies on his table
after he slices
through her vertebral artery.
What?
- Duntsch performed surgeries
this past Monday.
Tuesday. Wednesday
here at Dallas Medical.
Wednesday. the patient
was Madeline Beyer.
You know about that.
Tuesday. the patient's name
was Dorothy Burke.
She was in here
for a cervical fusion.
and he sliced
through her vertebral artery.
- Get the fuck outta here.
- She's on life support.
Duntsch has two surgeries
scheduled first thing next week.
We're gonna sit here chatting?
Or we're gonna do something
about it?
- ♪ Hear wedding bells ring ♪
♪ And I think of you ♪
♪ Hummingbirds sing ♪
♪ So far away from me ♪
♪ What can I do? ♪
♪ Baby. I am all alone ♪
♪ And blue ♪
- Mrs. Keller!
Today's the big day.
How you feeling?
Hungry.
Well. if it makes you feel
any better.
I haven't eaten yet either.
- How's business?
- Booming.
- No surprise there.
- Yeah. I got plans
for two new off...
- "I have plans."
- ESL teachers just can't
let that slide. can they?
- Mm-mm.
- I have plans
for two new offices opening
by the end of the year.
- You don't say.
- Yeah.
Expanding faster
than I ever could imagine.
Just trying
to figure it all out. really.
Moving up in the world.
Always.
- Thank you.
- Theresa. Melanie.
this is Mr. and Mrs. Keller.
- Pleasure.
- Where's Dr. Morgan?
- Nearer pastures.
The commute was getting to her.
- She's from McKinney. right?
- She is.
- That's not 20 minutes
from here.
- Are you saying
she didn't like me anymore?
Hardly possible.
Oh. that's too bad.
She was lovely.
- Still is. I imagine.
- Come on back.
- You're operating at
the Dallas Medical Center now?
- That's right.
- You're my first case.
- What happened to Baylor Plano?
Great facilities there.
- You know.
it is a very pretty building.
On the outside.
I let my privileges lapse there.
and I could go back
any time I want. but...
Honestly. I just felt boxed in
there.
They're inefficient.
They're living in the past.
and I am the future.
It's hard to be the future
in a place with no vision.
- I don't suppose I could've
been miraculously healed
these past three months.
could I?
- Disc is still
very much herniated.
Still pushing on the L5.
In fact. unsurprisingly.
it is even more compressed.
So here's what we're gonna do:
We're gonna put you
on your side.
make a little incision.
and we'll cut away a little bit
of the bone.
make a window. so we can see
down into the nerves.
push those to the side.
and then that disc is
just gonna...
pop out like a pimple.
Not the most delicate way
to put it. I know.
but it makes the point.
I am going to fix you.
- I know you will.
- How in Pete's name
did that happen?
- Oh. well...
let's just say
my dancing days are done.
I want to tell you both
how much I appreciate
you sticking with me
as I move down from Baylor.
There's a lot of options
out there.
- I don't change horses
midstream. Christopher.
And like you said
from the start.
you're the best surgeon
out there.
How could I not?
- You are a keeper. Mrs. Keller.
- You holding up
since last time?
- Last time?
- Back in March.
Rose was all hooked up.
ready to go. and...
a patient you lost that day.
- I... I didn't lose anyone.
- I thought they died...
- Charlie. you're being a bore.
- I think trying to find out
how a surgeon...
- It's all right. Mrs. Keller.
Mr. Keller's right to ask.
She did... die.
She had an allergic reaction
to the anesthesia.
and I did everything I could
to save her. but...
well. the anesthesiologist
made a mistake.
- Oh. my. Oh. poor thing.
- Yet another reason
I chose to move on from Baylor.
I found that their staff
was underperforming.
- I hope they don't have a job
anymore.
- Well. we're all human.
We all make mistakes.
It's just that.
in this line of work.
the consequences
of those mistakes
are simply more consequential.
- But not you.
No mistakes.
No. ma'am. not me.
Well. I will see you both
at Dallas Medical.
I'll have you up and
doing cartwheels in no time.
- You know.
you ever see Dr. Morgan.
you tell her we send our best.
- 12 dead.
Fucked up world we live in.
when a movie theater
becomes a gun range.
- Olympic torch arrived
in London this weekend.
8.000 people carried it
8.000 miles.
That's pretty encouraging.
isn't it?
- Now a whole bunch of 'em
are profiteering.
They're selling their torches
online for. like.
thousands of dollars.
People. man.
- You need
to stop reading the news.
- It's bad for you.
- Ha.
- What's the word. Mrs. Keller?
- Ready to go.
- First thing you're gonna do
when you're out of here. ma'am?
- Walk into school
without tears in my eyes.
- Shoot for the stars.
hit the moon. right. ma'am?
- I leave myself in God's
and Dr. Duntsch's hands.
- Stiff competition.
Dr. Duntsch.
I'm Josh Baker.
I'll be your circulating nurse.
sir.
You come from Baylor?
- That's right.
- Got a hole in your scrubs.
sir.
- You're the circulating nurse.
you said.
- Yes. sir.
- Shouldn't you be
prepping my OR?
- Absolutely. sir.
Mrs. Keller. I'll see you
on the other side.
- Now.
let's get you up
and doing those cartwheels.
Morning.
I'm Dr. Christopher Duntsch.
Today. we're gonna be
operating on Rose Keller.
age 72.
The patient presented
with severe back pain
diagnosed as a herniated disc.
We will be performing
a lateral lumbar fusion.
We're gonna open a window
between the ribs
and the iliac crest.
make a small incision
into the flank muscles.
The peritoneum will be
reflected anteriorly
to expose the psoas.
Once in. we will remove
the L4-5 disc
and replace it with a 12 by 50
by 10-degree cage.
As I hope you all know.
it is important
we are in and out
with as little fanfare
as possible.
So mouths shut. ears open.
Let's begin.
- How much longer?
The family was expecting
an update. sir.
Two hours ago.
Done.
Have them close her up.
- Morning. ma'am.
- Afternoon. Josh.
Hey. Josh. how did it go
this morning?
- How did what go. ma'am?
- Rose Keller's surgery
with Dr. Duntsch.
Oh. I think it went okay.
- You "think" okay?
- No. I don't mean that.
Seems like it went well.
Just took a little longer
than usual. you know?
- What's a little longer?
- About four hours.
- Four hours
for a lateral fusion?
- First day at a new hospital.
new system.
My guess is he was crossing
T's. dotting I's. ma'am.
- Okay.
Is now a good time?
- You pay the bills.
Ms. Deleone.
- What are you reading?
- Working on a cure
for glioblastoma.
- Ooh. is that all?
- I've been studying it
since med school.
Trying to find a new way in
with stem cells.
- That's admirable. ambitious.
- Well. I don't think
it's as complicated
as everybody makes it out to be.
- You don't think
utilizing stem cells
to cure one of the
deadliest forms of cancer
is complicated?
Quite self-assured. are we?
- Are you not?
- I'm a realist.
- Well. you gotta believe
you can beat death.
Otherwise. what's the point
of doing what we do?
- Well...
- How was surgery?
- Perfect.
- Perfect? Excellent.
I heard it went a little long.
- You heard?
- Mm-hmm. I did.
- A little long?
Do you mind if I ask
who you heard that from?
- Oh. there's no need
to name names. Dr. Duntsch...
- I'm just not used to people
talking shit about me.
- No one's talking shit
about you.
- Unless. of course.
it's to my face.
which I encourage.
- As the chief executive here...
- It was that suck-ass
circulating nurse. wasn't it?
- I asked how they thought
the procedure went.
and they reported
that it went a little long.
- I hope that you and I
are going to have a long
- working relationship. Jill.
- Me too...
- As I line your pockets
with millions of dollars...
- Not my pockets...
that you will come to trust me.
- If I didn't trust you.
I wouldn't have hired you.
- It went exactly as long
as it was supposed to
in order to get it done right.
- So there were
no complications?
- I don't have complications.
- Every doctor
has complications.
- Not me.
- Okay. then.
It's good to have you aboard.
- We should grab a bite
sometime.
I'll bore you with my biography.
- I'd like that.
- Oh. do me a favor?
- Of course.
- Make sure that door shuts
behind you on the way out.
- Are you the one
going under the knife?
Okay. so let's just buck up.
or I'm gonna make you wait
in the car.
- Dr. Duntsch!
- Yes?
- I'm Earl...
Burke.
Dorothy Burke's husband. Earl.
So how we looking?
- Well. I'm running
a little behind
but other than that. good.
- So you feel good about it?
- What's on your mind. Earl?
- I. uh...
I almost turned around
this morning.
I almost took Dorothy home.
- And why would you do that?
- I just had this feeling
that...
- I'm a surgeon. Earl.
This is what I do.
I attended one of the top
universities in the nation.
And granted. it's no Harvard.
but fuck Harvard. am I right?
I got an MD and a PhD
in molecular biology.
I did my residency
at the University of Tennessee.
where I studied general surgery
for a year
and neurosurgery for five.
I run two successful labs.
I've raised millions of dollars
in grants.
And I can go on and give you
all of my citations
and awards...
- You don't need to do that.
- I just want to remind you
that your wife of...
how long have you guys
been together?
- 46 years.
- Your wife of 46 years
is prepped and ready
on my table right now.
And look. some people might say
that what I just did was crass.
but the way I see it.
you're gonna go back
into that waiting room.
and you're not just gonna flip
through your "People."
or "Us Weekly."
or "Field and Stream."
You're gonna read it.
because you know
that I am gonna grant her
a second life.
So...
Need more sponges.
There's too much blood
in the field.
I can't see anything.
More suction.
Suction.
Suture.
This isn't right.
- No. it isn't.
- We gotta run the stat H and H.
- You need to say something.
Oh. shit.
Should we start the cell saver.
Doctor?
- Focus on your job.
- There's a lot of bleeding.
Doctor.
We should get an A-line kit.
14-gauge IV. blood warmer.
Maybe give ICU a heads-up?
We gotta get this
under control. Doctor.
- "We"?
You mean. me.
I need to get this
under control.
- Yes. Doctor. you need
to get this under control.
Perhaps. we bring in vascular.
- What's vascular gonna do
when you can't get the
blood pressure under control?
- This is not an issue
with the blood pressure.
- Well. why don't we start
there. shall we?
I see the disc. Retract.
I've got it.
What are you doing here?
- You called?
- You didn't have to come
right away.
- It sounded like
you needed me. Chris.
- I just needed
to talk to my dad.
It's no emergency. No big deal.
- Oh.
Okay.
So I suppose
I should just turn around
- and go back to Colorado then?
- No. no. no.
No. Come on. Come on in.
Because I used to work
for a Russian.
- You know better than that.
Chris.
- I don't think he cares
if you have a drink.
Particularly given his affinity
for wine.
- Oh. that's cute.
- Come on. Dad.
- Don't be like that.
I'm kidding!
So how's the physical therapy
business treating you?
- That's not why I'm here.
Chris.
in the middle of the night.
to talk small talk.
- Dad. for Christ's sake.
- Watch your mouth. please.
- For heck's sake. Dad.
- Is that better?
- Physical therapy's going well.
And your mother's well.
and your brothers are well.
and the roof needs
to be replaced.
and the dog's getting old.
He's got a bit of a limp. okay?
Now what's going on?
You need money?
- What? No.
- Okay. so what's happening?
- Nothing.
- I shouldn't have called.
- No. I'm glad you did.
Of course.
you should have called.
- Look. Dad. I got this. okay?
I'm the top
of the fucking food chain.
- You're top of what?
- Top of the world.
Top of the game.
top of the morning.
top of whatever the fuck it is
I'm supposed to be the top of.
- Who are you talking to?
- You.
- Who are you showing off for?
- I'm not showing off.
- It sounds like
you're showing off. Chris.
- I'm just saying
that tomorrow is another day
to prove how fucking good I am.
- That ego.
- It's confidence.
- It's ego.
Your mother instilled it in you.
- It's confidence. okay?
And I thought that's what
parents were supposed to do.
When did that become a sin?
- Pride is a sin.
- To you.
- You remember the story
of Nebuchadnezzer. right?
The king of Babylon?
He was the most powerful king
in the most powerful nation
on Earth. but he was prideful.
He boasted...
- Well. good thing
there is no god.
- Pride comes before the fall.
Christopher.
Okay.
- Where are you going?
Wait a minute.
Let's sit down and talk. okay?
- The pillows and blankets are
in the hall closet.
and feel free to make yourself
whatever you like for breakfast.
- Wait a minute.
- How's Wendy doing?
- Does she need anything?
- Oh. she's great.
- And what about Mason?
- How's my grandson doing?
- Thanks for coming. Dad.
- Where are you going?
- Get the fuck off my street!
- Kim. Kim.
I know you asked
for some space...
- I court-ordered space!
- Kim. the clinic needs you.
I need you.
- I'm done here.
- Kim. No. come on!
You don't understand.
I am surrounded
by fucking idiots.
My staff. the hospitals...
they nearly lost a patient
today.
They nearly fucking killed her!
And. of course. I'm the one
left holding the shit
because of some stupid
fucking X-ray tech.
It's just unbelievable.
- You're still operating?
- Of course I am.
- Why wouldn't I be?
- After what you did.
- What I did?
- To your patients.
To Jerry...
- Don't you dare!
You ought to be ashamed
of yourself
for walking out
on your patients.
your responsibilities.
This is as much on you
as it is on me...
more. because
I didn't abandon them.
- The worst part
about all this is...
you don't have to go
under your knife
or into your bed
to get fucked by you.
Come back here again.
and you're going to jail.
- Kim!
- This is Josh.
What do you mean?
Did you call Dr. Duntsch?
Dr. Duntsch!
- What?
- Dorothy Burke.
She's unresponsive.
can't palpitate.
Blood pressure's
in the basement.
Nurses have been trying
to reach you all morning.
Shit.
- Was it you?
- Sir?
- Cut the "sir" crap.
Were you the one talking shit
to Deleone?
- About?
- About how long it took me
to operate on Rose Keller.
And how is Mrs. Keller.
by the way?
- Have you checked in on her?
- She's doing well.
- How well?
- That's not the point.
- No. Nurse. that is the point.
You have no clue what it takes
to do what I do.
- Yes. sir.
- So why don't you
shut your mouth
and do your fucking job?
Is my OR prepped
for the Madeline Beyer surgery?
- The Madeline Beyer surgery
is elective.
- And she elected
to do it today.
Is my OR prepped?
- Let's push it off.
focus on Dorothy Burke...
- That's not what I asked.
- I understand what you asked.
- I don't think that you do.
- It's not fully prepped. sir.
- Go prep my OR.
- We're trying to make sense
of it ourselves.
That's why we're calling you.
Dr. Skadden.
Well. why don't we begin
with your experience
with Dr. Duntsch in Memphis.
You're the head
of the fellowship program
at Semmes Murphy?
- That's correct.
- Were there any issues
while he was there?
- What kind of issues?
- Come on. man!
- Dr. Kirby...
- No. no. no. I mean.
come on. performance issues.
What other kinds of issues
are there?
- Personality. safety.
compliance. productivity...
- Performance.
- That's what I said.
Fact. Duntsch is better suited
for a slaughterhouse
than he is a surgical unit.
Would you agree?
- That's most certainly not
how I'd describe Dr. Duntsch.
- How would you describe him?
- He was satisfactory.
His work ethic was
second-to-none.
- Well. Ted Bundy was
a good worker too.
- Dr. Kirby. please.
Do you mind if I take over
from here?
- I don't know what good
it's gonna do you.
- Let's give it a try.
- Have at it.
- Hello?
- Sorry about that. Dr. Skadden.
We'd like to fax you a picture
of Dr. Duntsch.
- To what end?
- To ensure that the surgeon
in question is
the same surgeon you know.
We're concerned that this person
stole your Duntsch's identity.
- He's not my Duntsch.
- Because if he's not
an imposter. he's either...
- Numb-nuts.
- The most incompetent
surgeon I've ever crossed paths
with and never should have been
let out of medical school.
or he's...
a sociopath.
And he's doing all of this
on purpose.
- What's the word. Mrs. Beyer?
- How is Mrs. Burke?
- Wednesday. July 25. 2012.
Patient is Madeline Beyer.
We'll be performing
a spinal fusion.
- Dr. Henderson.
- Yes. this is Dr. Skadden
calling you back.
It's Skadden.
Yes?
- I reviewed the photo
you faxed over.
- And?
- That is
Dr. Christopher Duntsch.
- Did you know?
- Know?
- Did you know
what he was capable of?
- No.
- Scalpel.
- We have just recruited
a rising star.
- And I am the future.
- You've studied under some
of the best surgeons
in the world.
- I checked
all his reviews online.
Everyone loves him.
- What did he do to her?
- He's closing in on two dozen
botched surgeries.
- He keeps getting
these surgical outcomes
because he's either doing it
on purpose. or he just sucks.
- The question isn't
why he did it.
It's how he got away with it.
- You're prepared to file
a formal complaint?
- You're the one who turned me
in to the Texas Medical Board.
- I am.
- I know you're a fraud.
- You can't even keep a job.
- I'm trying to get a picture
of who he is.
why he is.
- My patients
mean everything to me.
Was he doing it on purpose?
- If we're gonna do this.
we got to be all-in.
- We've got one chance
to get this indictment.
How are we gonna prove intent?
- Duntsch is never gonna stop.
He's never gonna stop
on his own.
Tired of searching for subtitles?
Ray generates them instantly: getray.app